Fixed deprecated APIs in lines.py (#26902)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/26902-RP.rst

> ``Line2D`` 
> ~~~~~~~~~~
>   
> When creating a Line2D or using `.Line2D.set_xdata` and `.Line2D.set_ydata`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Line2D``
~~~~~~~~~~
  
When creating a Line2D or using `.Line2D.set_xdata` and `.Line2D.set_ydata`,
```

Trailing whitespace

``Line2D`` 
 ~~~~~~~~~~ 
  
 When creating a Line2D or using `.Line2D.set_xdata` and `.Line2D.set_ydata`, 

>  passing x/y data as non sequence is deprecated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 passing x/y data as non sequence is now an error. 
```
